.\"
.\"  sdc.1 - sdc manual
.\"  
.\"  Copyright (c) 2006 Claes M. Nyberg <cmn@signedness.org>
.\"  All rights reserved, all wrongs reversed.
.\"      
.\"  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\"  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\"  are met:
.\"
.\"  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"     documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"  3. The name of author may not be used to endorse or promote products
.\"     derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
.\"      
.\"  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
.\"  INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
.\"  AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL
.\"  THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
.\"  EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
.\"  PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS;
.\"  OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
.\"  WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
.\"  OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF 
.\"  ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"     
.\" $Id: sdc.1,v 1.6 2006-05-14 14:12:09 cmn Exp $
.\"

.TH SDC 1 "May 2006" "sdc version 1.2" " "
.SH NAME
.B sdc
\- Self Decrypting Binary Generator
.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sdc
.RB [ -Cv ]
.RB [ -k
.IB key_file ]
.RB [ -o    
.IB out_file ]
.RB [ -t      
.IB target ]
.I file
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B sdc
program creates self decrypting binaries for common operating systems and
architectures. The target file is encrypted using Blowfish in Ciphertext
Feedback Mode (CFB) and appended to an executable which reads itself and
attempts to decrypt the appended data when it is run.
.PP
.SH COMMANDLINE OPTIONS
.BI  "-C "
.RS 4
Check if input file was generated by this program by comparing the
executable with the included targets.
.RE

.BI  "-k " key_file
.RS 4
Read encryption/decryption key from file
.IR key_file .
.RE

.BI  "-t " target
.RS 4
Generate self decrypting binary for
.I target 
instead of the default (the OS and Architecture that sdc was compiled for).
See 
.B TARGETS 
below for a list.
.RE
.PP
.SH TARGETS
.RS 0
.BR linux_x86 "          - Linux x86 ELF"
.RE
.RS 0
.BR windows_x86 "        - Windows x86 PE-COFF"
.RE
.RS 0
.BR openbsd_x86 "        - OpenBSD x86 ELF"
.RE
.RS 0
.BR openbsd_arm "        - OpenBSD arm ELF (Zaurus)"
.RE
.RS 0
.BR openbsd_sparc64 "    - OpenBSD Sparc 64 ELF"
.RE
.RS 0
.BR freebsd_x86 "        - FreeBSD x86 ELF"
.RE
.RS 0
.BR netbsd_x86 "         - NetBSD x86 ELF"
.RE
.RS 0
.BR solaris_sparc "      - Solaris Sparc ELF"
.RE
.PP
.SH TODO
.RS 0
.BR * " Add compression of the file before encryption"
.RE
.RS 0
.BR * " MacOSX support"
.RE
.PP
.SH CONTRIBUTIONS
Karl Janmar <karl@signedness.org> added support for NetBSD x86
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
Claes M. Nyberg <cmn@signedness.org>

